{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green0\blue7;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Info used to populate the App Store. E.g., app description, keywords.\
\
SKU: same as bundle ID\
\
App Store name: Dictator!\
(Project name: Dictator)\
(Icon/bundle display name: Dictator!)\
\
\
DESCRIPTIONS and "WHAT'S NEW"\
---------------------------------------------------\
Top 5 lines are above "More." So, top 5 should persuade customer to get app and open it right away.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 What's new in version 1.0.2:\
--start--\
\'95 If a player was Gossiped about on the last night of a game, that player was Dictator-ineligible at the start of next game. Now fixed.\
--end--\
\
What's new in version 1.0.1:\
--start--\
\'95 A Dictator-ineligible player (e.g., via a Gossip) would sometimes be told she was Dictator. Now fixed.\
--end--\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Description (version x.y.z):\
--start--\
?\
--end--\
\
Description (version 1.0.0):\
--start--\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f1 \cf0 Dictator! is a party game in the vein of Werewolf, Mafia or Witch Hunt, but with a twist! Instead of voting on a player to remove from the game, the players vote for one player to be the Dictator, and then the Dictator decides whom to remove!\
\
This game includes all the roles and rules needed to play this exciting social game on one phone. All you need to supply is a group of friends to play!
\f0 \
--end--\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
KEYWORDS\
------------------\
Max 100-characters\
Auto-included: words in App Store name, "free" (if free), words in copyright\
Strategy: rank potential searches, then use that to pick keywords\
Don't forget common words: and, for, etc.\
Some variants may work in App Store, some not. Just test.\
Character count: can google for webtool\
Other people probably have metrics: google it\
\
Potential searches (most frequent are first):\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\fs30 \cf0 dictator, dictator game, dictator party game, party game, mafia, mafia game, mafia party game, werewolf, werewolf game, werewolf party game, witch hunt, witch hunt game, witch hunt party game, 
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs30 werewolf multiplayer
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs30 one night werewolf, ultimate werewolf, resistance, mafia online, werewolf board game
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs30 werewolf group game
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs30 \cf0 werewolf pass and play, werewolf passnplay, paranoia game, paranoid game
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Keywords, already included:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f1 \cf0 geoff, hom, dictator, free
\f0 \
\
Keywords (character count: 98):\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs30 \cf2 and,board,game,group,hunt,mafia,multiplayer,online,party,pass,play,resistance,thing,werewolf,witch
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Searches not covered by current keywords:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\fs30 \cf0 werewolf passnplay, werewolf strategy game, paranoia game, paranoid game
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs30 \cf0 one night werewolf, ultimate
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Variants to test in App Store:\
Keyword: x. Does "xing" find app?\
}